rocksdb: A persistent key-value store for flash storage
Authors: The Facebook Database Engineering Team

This code is a library that forms the core building block for a fast
key value server, especially suited for storing data on flash drives.
It has an Log-Stuctured-Merge-Database (LSM) design with flexible tradeoffs
between Write-Amplification-Factor(WAF), Read-Amplification-Factor (RAF)
and Space-Amplification-Factor(SAF). It has multi-threaded compactions,
making it specially suitable for storing multiple terabytes of data in a
single database.

The core of this code has been derived from open-source leveldb.

The code under this directory implements a system for maintaining a
persistent key/value store.

See doc/index.html for more explanation.
See doc/impl.html for a brief overview of the implementation.

The public interface is in include/*.h.  Callers should not include or
rely on the details of any other header files in this package.  Those
internal APIs may be changed without warning.

Guide to header files:

include/db.h
    Main interface to the DB: Start here

include/options.h
    Control over the behavior of an entire database, and also
    control over the behavior of individual reads and writes.

include/comparator.h
    Abstraction for user-specified comparison function.  If you want
    just bytewise comparison of keys, you can use the default comparator,
    but clients can write their own comparator implementations if they
    want custom ordering (e.g. to handle different character
    encodings, etc.)

include/iterator.h
    Interface for iterating over data. You can get an iterator
    from a DB object.

include/write_batch.h
    Interface for atomically applying multiple updates to a database.

include/slice.h
    A simple module for maintaining a pointer and a length into some
    other byte array.

include/status.h
    Status is returned from many of the public interfaces and is used
    to report success and various kinds of errors.

include/env.h
    Abstraction of the OS environment.  A posix implementation of
    this interface is in util/env_posix.cc

include/table.h
include/table_builder.h
    Lower-level modules that most clients probably won't use directly
